A beautiful speech, I can see it now, you truly are a prince with the royal blood of a Saiyan. – Android 17
An angel? So Whis is an angel? But he’s got no wings, and his butt’s not hanging out. – Goku
Anyone stronger than the god of destruction does not exist. – Beerus
Are you ready now to witness a power not seen for thousands of years? – Vegeta
Before creation… must come destruction! – Beerus
Death by a god of death, this may be a proud moment. – Vegeta
Death is simply another stage of our life. – Grand Elder Guru
Even If evil makes you lose your way, you stay your ground and keep searching for the path of good. Is that search now what justice is? It is for that reason that gods gave mortals knowledge. – Gowasu
Even the mightiest warriors experience fears. What makes them a true warrior is the courage that they posses to overcome their fears. – Vegeta
Even the mightiest warriors experience fears. What makes them a true warrior is the courage that they possess to overcome their fears. – Vegeta
Even with the energy you took from me, my power is still far greater than your own. – Piccolo
Every time I reach a new level of strength, a greater power appears to challenge my authority. It’s as if fate is laughing at me with a big stupid grin, just like Kakarot. – Vegeta
Every time I reach a new level of strength, a greater power appears to challenge my authority. It’s as if fate is laughing at me with a big stupid grin, just like Kakarot. – Vegeta
First we’re the milkmen, and now we’re stinkin’ farmers. We never did this in Orin Temple. – Krillin
Gohan, let it go. It is not a sing to fight for the right cause. There are those who words alone will not reach. – Android 16
Gohan, you showed me that power is nothing without being guided without love. – Piccolo
He has beaten me completely. First by his own actions and then through his son’s. And what has he left for me here? How? How could you die like that? How, Kakarot? I’ll never have the chance…to prove my strength against you. You died without fear. What does that make of me? I am no warrior. And I will never fight again. – Vegeta
He has beaten me completely. First by his own actions and then through his son’s. And what has he left for me here? How? How could you die like that? How, Kakarot? I’ll never have the chance…to prove my strength against you. You died without fear. What does that make of me? I am no warrior. And I will never fight again. – Vegeta
Hey hun! I’ve got a great idea, let’s trade! Yo take my spot and I’ll fight Hercule! – Krillin
How could I let this happen to my son? He has sacrificed everything for me! And I have done nothing but ignore him! – Vegeta
I am a god with a heart, but there’s one thing I cannot tolerate… people who don’t pay their proper respect to others. – Beerus
I am looking at things from a much higher perspective than you. I observe this world, this universe, the truth of all things. And I have realized that humans must be destroyed. Out of all which the gods have made, mortals are their sole failure. In order to make this world, this universe, into a beautiful utopia, I must remove humanity, in place of the gods who refuse to admit their mistake. – Black Goku
I could go one step farther If I wanted to. – Goku
I do not fear this new challenge. Rather like a true warrior I will rise to meet it. – Vegeta
I find it hard to believe that my cells are in your body. How could you have turned out so ugly? What a waste. Although, it’s obvious where you’ve gotten most of your strength. – Vegeta
I start wars, resolve them myself, then I buy up the war ravaged lands for a low prince and make a killing off redevelopment and reconstruction concessions!It is a brilliant scheme. – Frost
I vowed that earth would forever remain in peace. Since I made that vow, not a single threat has been made against earth. That’s all thanks to the fact that my name is known through the entire galaxy. – Hercule
I would rather be a brainless monkey than a heartless monster. – Goku
If I win, promise you won’t destroy the earth. – Goku
It seems Saiyans have changed since the last time I saw them. They have become cowardly. – Beerus
I’ll never give in to you circus freaks! – Vegeta
I’m not going to lie to you, Vegeta, although the answer may be difficult for you to hear. This is the truth. Goku devoted his life to protecting the lives of other. Because of his selflessness, when he died, he was allowed to keep his body and travel to King Kai’s Planet. You, on the other hand, have spent your life in pursuit of your own selfish desires. You’ve caused too much pain. When you die, you will not receive the same reward. – Piccolo
Kakarot, you’re quite impressive. I never stood a chance against Buu, you’re the only one who can fight him. I think I finally understand how a genius like myself can’t surpass you. I thought it was because you had something to protect. I thought your drive to protect allowed you to take advantage of your capabilities… this may have been a reason, but not I too have this drive. I fought to do as I wished, because it was fun to kill my enemies and feed my pride. But he’s different, he fights not to win but because he absolutely won’t lose, causing him to break his limits and he really doesn’t care who his opponent is. So when he didn’t kill me, it was because he saw I could care for others, like I do now… Go Kakarot, you’re number one! – Vegeta
Kakarot… Please… Destroy Frieza… He made me what I am… Don’t… let him… do it… to anyone else. Whatever it takes… Stop him… Please. – Vegeta
Let me ask you. Does a machine like yourself ever experience fear? – Vegeta
Look Goku, you can go out in public and have your hair sticking out in every direction if you want to, but not me! – Bulma Briefs
Me personally, I like to work and train. – Goku
My ears do more than just frame my face. – Piccolo
Never send a boy to do a mans job. – Vegeta
No, I can’t lose! – Vegeta
Nobody preaching about justice is ever a good guy. – Beerus
Now all that is left is the destruction of earth, but I think it would be a waste to destroy it. The food of this planet is very delicious. – Beerus
Power comes in response to a need, not a desire. You have to create that need. – Goku
Push through the pain, giving up hurts more. – Vegeta
Silly robot. Do you really think you have a chance against a Super Saiyan like me? Your brain must be malfunctioning. – Vegeta
Sometimes, we have to look beyond what we want and do what’s best. – Piccolo
Strength is the only thing that matters in this world. Everything else is just a delusion for the weak. – Vegeta
Tell me, are all you Saiyans so full of yourselves? Is this how you hide your incompetence? We androids will always be superior to your kind. – Android 17
The ocean is so salty because everyone pees in it. – Goku
There are three things I cannot tolerate: cowardice, bad haircuts, and military insurrection. It is very unfortunate that our friend Vegeta possesses all three of these. – Frieza
There’s no such thing as fair or unfair in battle. There is only victory or in your case, defeat. – Vegeta
There’s only one certainty in life. A strong man stands above and conquers all! – Vegeta
Trunks, Bulma, I’m doing this for you. And yes, even for you, Kakarot. – Vegeta
Trunks, I never hugged you as a baby… let me hug you. – Vegeta
Well, I wonder what the prince would do if he knew, you authorized Planet Vegeta’s destruction from the start? – Whis
What’s wrong Frieza? Is your brain another one of your weak and under used muscles? – Vegeta
Where is your honor!? Like all pure-blooded Saiyans, Kakarot would rather die fighting than win with one of those disgraceful senzu beans as his crutch! Kakarot trained in the hyperbolic time chamber just as we did! Now let’s see what he can do! – Vegeta
While I’m here wasting time, how hard is Kakarot training? – Vegeta
Yamcha, I was worried about you. For all I knew, you were dead in a ditch in a country you can’t pronounce. You’ll have to make this up to me. And you’re going to enjoy it. – Bulma Briefs
You can take control of my mind and my body, but there is one thing a Saiyan always keep… his PRIDE! – Vegeta
You failed to protect your planet, because of your own leniency. The only way to avoid this outcome is to send Frieza back to his flower garden. – Whis
You will not go in there with hopes of winning the tournament the first time you compete. To do so would be arrogant! And arrogance is for fools, not warriors! So you will enter the tournament with the sole purpose of improving your fighting skills. – Master Roshi
Your new form is burning through more power than your body can supply. You should hav ewaited until you were used to this form and knew how to regulate it before you started picking fights. – Goku
You’ll laugh at your fears when you find out who you are. – Piccolo
You’re about to find out what it’s like to fight a real super saiyan… and I’m not talking about Goku. – Trunks
